# Aquas-Min

The Aquas-Min are one of the <a href='#' class='note-link' data-id='Awakened Species' onclick="Shiny.setInputValue('linked_doc_click', 'Awakened Species', {priority: 'event'}); return false;">Awakened Species</a> from <a href='#' class='note-link' data-id='Aquas-Lur' onclick="Shiny.setInputValue('linked_doc_click', 'Aquas-Lur', {priority: 'event'}); return false;">Aquas-Lur</a> and are associated with the Source of <a href='#' class='note-link' data-id='Flow' onclick="Shiny.setInputValue('linked_doc_click', 'Flow', {priority: 'event'}); return false;">Flow</a>. They look like penguins, but have human-like intelligence, which made the connection with magic possible.

Another interesting aspect of the Aquas-Min, is that all of them have a crystalline gem incrusted in their chest—called <a href='#' class='note-link' data-id='Aquas-Nar' onclick="Shiny.setInputValue('linked_doc_click', 'Aquas-Nar', {priority: 'event'}); return false;">Aquas-Nar</a> or <a href='#' class='note-link' data-id='Aquas-Nar' onclick="Shiny.setInputValue('linked_doc_click', 'Aquas-Nar', {priority: 'event'}); return false;">Aquas-Nar</a> in ancient texts—, and it can be considered their weak point, as crushing it is the only way to kill one of them. Otherwise, when they are debilitated, they *flow* inside their gem, where they rest for an extended period of time.

## The Four Penguin Species
The Aquas-Min includes four species of intelligent penguins. To each of them, by tradition, a specific Manifestation is taught, although theoretically they could learn any of them:
- **<a href='#' class='note-link' data-id='Current Holding' onclick="Shiny.setInputValue('linked_doc_click', 'Current Holding', {priority: 'event'}); return false;">Current Holding</a>:** It allows the user to interact with water and its currents, and it is taught to <a href='#' class='note-link' data-id='Blue Fairy Penguins' onclick="Shiny.setInputValue('linked_doc_click', 'Blue Fairy Penguins', {priority: 'event'}); return false;">Blue Fairy Penguins</a>. With it, the Aquas-Min can push and hold the wall of the great whirlpools, allowing for city expansion.
- **<a href='#' class='note-link' data-id='Mind Drift' onclick="Shiny.setInputValue('linked_doc_click', 'Mind Drift', {priority: 'event'}); return false;">Mind Drift</a>:** It allows the user to make thoughts *flow* and control animals. It is taught to the <a href='#' class='note-link' data-id='Emperor Penguins' onclick="Shiny.setInputValue('linked_doc_click', 'Emperor Penguins', {priority: 'event'}); return false;">Emperor Penguins</a>, and is specially useful when navigating through areas with depredators, like leopard seals and sharks, as they can be controlled.
- **<a href='#' class='note-link' data-id='Devouring' onclick="Shiny.setInputValue('linked_doc_click', 'Devouring', {priority: 'event'}); return false;">Devouring</a>:** It allows the user to extrapolate the ability of its gem, making non-magical objects *flow* inside its stomach to be regurgitated later. It is taught to the <a href='#' class='note-link' data-id='Macaroni Penguins' onclick="Shiny.setInputValue('linked_doc_click', 'Macaroni Penguins', {priority: 'event'}); return false;">Macaroni Penguins</a>, and is a jack of all trades, as portable, weightless storage is always useful.
- **<a href='#' class='note-link' data-id='Externalization' onclick="Shiny.setInputValue('linked_doc_click', 'Externalization', {priority: 'event'}); return false;">Externalization</a>:** It allows the user to manifest the *flow* as soundwaves and ground slipperiness. It is taught to <a href='#' class='note-link' data-id='Adelia Penguins' onclick="Shiny.setInputValue('linked_doc_click', 'Adelia Penguins', {priority: 'event'}); return false;">Adelia Penguins</a>, which allows them for an enviable mobility, specially useful when exploring new terrain.
 
## Fashion
As in every intelligent civilization, a sense of fashion has flourished, although there is some utilitarianism in the way the Aquas-Min do it. 

To begin with, the Aquas-Min don't inherently need clothes to keep themselves warm—evolution took care of that—, but they need to distinguish themselves and indicate positions of wealth and power to visitors from other whirlpool cities. For this, the usual accessories they wear are hats, fake moustaches made from whale beards and piercing on their beaks, and, for more formal occasions, wigs, ties and monocles. Additionally, a new common practice is inking the feather around their <a href='#' class='note-link' data-id='Aquas-Nar' onclick="Shiny.setInputValue('linked_doc_click', 'Aquas-Nar', {priority: 'event'}); return false;">Aquas-Nar</a>, creating glyph-like patterns that last for several days.

Finally, <a href='#' class='note-link' data-id='The Sailors' onclick="Shiny.setInputValue('linked_doc_click', 'The Sailors', {priority: 'event'}); return false;">The Sailors</a> wear a distinctive killer-whale jacket with the symbol of their guild at the back. It is a sign of respect, as sailing, fishing, and exploring, are considered some of the most dangerous tasks in <a href='#' class='note-link' data-id='Aquas-Lur' onclick="Shiny.setInputValue('linked_doc_click', 'Aquas-Lur', {priority: 'event'}); return false;">Aquas-Lur</a>, due to the depredators, icebergs and the strong currents.

%% 
---
curiously, they seem to be segregated in species, which is purely cultural, as every penguin can actually learn any of them. Furthermore, the segregation leaks into their names too, having different prefixes. This said, with cultural mixture these rules have become lax, allowing for some Aquas-Min to learn a different manifestation, and to have a common prefix for any species, "Pin-".



This is also reflected in their names

Also, all of them are born with a crystalline gem incrusted in their chests—called the <a href='#' class='note-link' data-id='Aquas-Nar' onclick="Shiny.setInputValue('linked_doc_click', 'Aquas-Nar', {priority: 'event'}); return false;">Aquas-Nar</a> or Center—, which grows with them, yet the color remains the same, and they shine whenever they are using magic.

The Aquas-Min are linked to the source of <a href='#' class='note-link' data-id='Flow' onclick="Shiny.setInputValue('linked_doc_click', 'Flow', {priority: 'event'}); return false;">Flow</a>, which allows them to interact with currents and movement in general. However, the race of the penguin determines how they manifest it and not only that, but also the prefix they use on their name by tradition—although names started in 'Pin-' are becoming more common in general by the day:

+ **<a href='#' class='note-link' data-id='Blue Fairy Penguins' onclick="Shiny.setInputValue('linked_doc_click', 'Blue Fairy Penguins', {priority: 'event'}); return false;">Blue Fairy Penguins</a>:** They are small penguins—around 43 cm tall and 1.5 kg—that can interact with water. Some uses of it is healing, creating walls of water and using a fine layer of water on the ground to make someone slip. Traditionally, their names start with 'Mag-'.

+ **<a href='#' class='note-link' data-id='Adelia Penguins' onclick="Shiny.setInputValue('linked_doc_click', 'Adelia Penguins', {priority: 'event'}); return false;">Adelia Penguins</a>:** They are average size penguins—around 70 cm tall and 4 kg—that can 'absorb' the movement surrounding them to speed up and even launching themselves into the air. And not only they have great mobility, they are also capable of building up a sonic attack in their beaks that can stumble enemies from afar. Traditionally, their names start with 'Fi-'.

+ **<a href='#' class='note-link' data-id='Macaroni Penguins' onclick="Shiny.setInputValue('linked_doc_click', 'Macaroni Penguins', {priority: 'event'}); return false;">Macaroni Penguins</a>:** They are average size penguins—around 70 cm tall and 5 kg—that can manipulate the currents inside their bodies, allowing them to strengthen themselves by improving their blood flow. Also, they are experts on regurgitating food, objects or gastric fluids inside their stomachs, as well as preserving objects in their stomachs untouched by acids. Traditionally, their names start with 'Ur-'.

+ **<a href='#' class='note-link' data-id='Emperor Penguins' onclick="Shiny.setInputValue('linked_doc_click', 'Emperor Penguins', {priority: 'event'}); return false;">Emperor Penguins</a>:** They are the biggest penguins—around 120 cm and 45 kg—, and they can infuse things with movement. To do this though, they need a source of movement to extract it from like incoming attacks—reducing the damage taken—or even their own movement. This way, not only are they able to redirect attacks or push enemies together, but also taking the hits. Traditionally, their names start with 'Cla-'.

## Fashion
The Aquas-Min don't inherently need clothes to keep themselves warm—evolution took care of that—, but as in all other civilizations, a sense of fashion starts to flourish to further distinguish themselves from others and to indicate wealth and power. However, the main different between "animal" penguins and them is their Center—an incrusted crystal in their chest, which shines when using magic on a specific color.

The usual accessories the Aquas-Min wear are hats, fake moustaches—made from whale beards—and piercings on their beaks. Additionally, there is the recently common practice in which they ink their feathers, making it look like a tattoo around their chest crystal. For more formal occasions and important people, the Aquas-Min prefer the use of wigs, ties (or bow-ties) and monocles. 

Finally, there is a distinctive garment for <a href='#' class='note-link' data-id='The Sailors' onclick="Shiny.setInputValue('linked_doc_click', 'The Sailors', {priority: 'event'}); return false;">The Sailors</a>—the Aquas-Min who connect the cities together by ship, and study the seas and their currents—, a killer whale jacket with a symbol printed on the back, matching their guild's. %%
